feat(web-client): let iron-svelte-client use automatic token generation (#707)
Devolutions/IronRDP: web-client/iron-svelte-client/README.md

### Token generation

### Automatic Token Generation

**Prerequisites:**  
Ensure the Rust toolchain is installed and available on your system.

#### Steps:

1. **Locate the `tokengen` Project:**  
   Navigate to the root directory of the `tokengen` project under the [Devolutions Gateway repository](https://github.com/Devolutions/devolutions-gateway/tree/master/tools/tokengen).

2. **Set the Configuration Path:**  

>    Define the environment variable `DGATEWAY_CONFIG_PATH` to the directory containing your `gateway.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Define the environment variable `DGATEWAY_CONFIG_PATH` to the directory containing your `gateway.json` file.
   Also ensure the `DelegationPrivateKeyFile` config key is configured in the `gateway.json` file.
```

> 3. **Run the Token Generator:**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Run the token generator server:**  
```

   In the root of the `tokengen` project, execute the following command:

   ```sh

>    cargo run --manifest-path ./Cargo.toml -- server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   cargo run -- server
```

   ```

4. **Configure the Environment Variable for Vite:**  
   Either update the `.env` file or manually set the following environment variable:

   ```sh
   VITE_IRON_TOKEN_SERVER_URL="http://localhost:8080"
   ```

   Ensure that Vite correctly detects this variable.

> Once these steps are completed, token generation will be fully automated—manual token creation is no longer required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once these steps are completed, token generation will be fully automated, and manual token creation is no longer required.
```

> Once these steps are completed, token generation will be fully automated, and manual token creation is no longer required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once these steps are completed, token generation will be fully automated, and the next section can be ignored.
```
